[Music]
Hey
are you completely Frank with other
people I mean totally truthful okay
let's be honest pun intended
everybody lie sometimes we have
different reasons to do that from a
little white lie you tell to protect
someone's feelings to something else
less benevolent but what if there was
someone completely and utterly honest
about their feelings and thoughts well
that could be an interesting experiment
so I decided to become that person for a
whole week and here's where it took me
before it began I made a set of rules
for myself to follow this week first I
had to reply truthfully to any questions
coming my way that included even those
questions that might seem embarrassing
for some like the size of my clothes or
my paycheck secondly when talking to
someone I would only speak my mind and
express my real emotions I wouldn't fake
anything or hide my feelings to make
that person more comfortable around me
however I would not be harsh either I
just tell them what I think no more and
no less than that and thirdly I decided
that I couldn't let other people
especially those close to me come in
harm's way because of my experiment that
meant I would refuse to answer questions
or even talk about sensitive topics
concerning my friends and relatives
their secrets are their own not mine
still I wouldn't lie I'd simply not talk
as for all the rest including my own
secrets I'd be completely honest and
only speak the truth well at least as I
saw everyone has their own views on
different matters right and so it began
on day one I informed everyone I happen
to talk to about my experiment that
mostly included my colleagues since it
was Tuesday and I didn't have any plans
to go out with my friends or visit my
family so the first day was pretty easy
I talked to just a couple of people who
upon hearing my warning look both amused
and a bit nervous they seemed not to
believe me at first and
one of them decided to check me by
asking what I thought about him as a
colleague well I felt relieved because
that guy was really helpful however
everyone suspected that he was stealing
food from the common fridge and I said
as much he laughed at that and thanked
me for finally telling him he didn't
confess though oh well that was my
experiment after all not his anyway
whenever I was engaged in a conversation
I spoke my mind openly he was hard at
first but the feeling was incredible I
didn't have to hide behind words any
longer and I said clearly what I liked
or disliked what I approved or
disapproved and so on of course I got
more than a few curious looks but I was
prepared for that the day ended on a
good note and my spirits were high when
I went to bed that night for Wednesday I
had planned a meeting with my best buds
at our favorite bar so after another day
at work I went there feeling a bit
apprehensive I knew my friends they'd
ask me all kinds of questions after
finding out about my experiment just for
fun and they obliged of course in fact I
didn't even tell them anything at first
what they cracked me real soon and all
of the questions they asked come on guys
I'm your buddy after all of course I had
to answer truthfully to everything they
threw at me the most innocent questions
were whether I'd ever skipped a meeting
with them just because I didn't want to
go and whether I'd eaten my own boogers
ah gross long story short though they
got to know the real me but we remain
friends yet having fun was not the only
thing my buds did that night they also
encouraged me to do something I hadn't
dared before that is confessing my
feelings to the girl I like now I'm not
really a brave kind especially when it
comes to dating and she let's say I had
a crush on her since we met more than a
year ago we're colleagues but work in
different departments so we don't meet
often but we've been good friends so
thought what the heck why not give it a
try while I'm in the middle of such an
experiment I decided to ask her out on
Friday night so I'd have Thursday to
plug up some courage and get ready for
the date i freed the day and spend it on
the job and at home just to make sure
I'd have no more challenges to face my
colleagues already got used to my new
quality so I had an easy time going
through the day but then as luck would
have it one thing happened that made me
sweat like crazy you see my boss isn't
exactly a pleasant man he's clever and
efficient but he can be rather harsh
sometimes and that day just before I
stood up to go home he called me to his
office dar I thought and plotted back my
heart racing if I decided to be honest
with everyone I had to go all-in or it
just wouldn't make sense and that meant
answering truthfully to my boss's
questions - oh dear he was sitting at
his office all businesslike as usual I
relaxed a bit when I saw him smile that
was a good sign but not a reason to stop
worrying especially considering my
promise luckily he wanted to talk about
my report that I had made a couple days
prior he seemed to like it and wanted to
thank me for the job well done whoo that
was a relief it's always rather
nerve-racking when the boss summons you
but you can't imagine how nervous I was
this particular time anyway he let me go
rather quickly and without asking any
difficult questions so I hurried home
the next day at work I spent in thoughts
about the coming evening with Amy
it's my crushes name to say I was
absent-minded would be a serious
understatement I asked to repeat every
time someone addressed me and almost
missed a very important call I had to
make at last it was 5 p.m. time to go
meet her at the entrance do I need to
mention that my knees were buckling with
stress we took a walk to a cafe not far
away where I'd booked a table in advance
there we ordered some food and wine and
while engaging in small talk
Amy asked me what was wrong and I
realized I was jittery and sweating a
little bit without even noticing okay I
deal's a deal so I told her all about my
experiment and mentioned that the real
reason I asked her out was not just to
have a nice chat she got confused and
serious at that is everything all right
she asked yeah pretty much I replied and
then in a single breath I really liked
you
will you be with me I know how awkward
that sounds but then again would you
have done better in my situation anyway
Amy gave me a surprised smile and didn't
speak for a moment and then she said I
need to think a little bit can i sorry
of course I said sure take your time
thanks for hearing me out
we both felt ill at ease the rest of the
evening and the conversation dragged in
about half an hour we finished our meals
and parted ways I offered to see her
home but she said she needed some time
alone to think ah shoot I was devastated
I didn't leave home the whole Saturday
didn't even answer phone calls from my
friends I'm ashamed to say so but I
blame them for encouraging me to confess
now I didn't just lose my chance with
Amy but also probably lost her as a
friend to on Sunday to lift my spirits I
decided to meet with my family mom dad
and little Mikey my baby brother he is
not a baby anymore at 16 of course but I
like to call him that we have a great
relationship I'm on this and they were
happy to see me I told them my news they
told me theirs and surprisingly they
were tactful enough not to ask me any
embarrassing questions even Mikey they
also supported me about aiming telling
me she just needed some time all in all
the day went great and the only thing
that happened was that I told mom I'd
always known where she hid candy when I
was little and then came Monday the last
day of my experiment I brace myself for
meeting with Amy again and went to the
office she met me at the building's
entrance and I
just stood there stupefied she asked
whether I was serious about what I said
on Friday night and I nodded then she
smiled a little bit and explained that
she liked me but couldn't be with me but
we could still be friends
I was upset of course but then I decided
it was better than hoping and waiting in
vain it was still a good experiment
after all the rest of the day went calm
enough and so my experiment ended what
can I say
it was tough but exciting I realized how
hard it is to always speak your mind and
never lie about anything and I got lucky
because almost no one except my friends
made me feel embarrassed and the only
real sad thing was my confession to Amy
well you can't always get what you want
as they say would you try such an
experiment yourself let me know down in
the comments if you learn something new
today think of this video a like and
share it with a friend but hey don't go
anywhere just yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life
[Music]